README.md, before:

1. environment

   1. this is a windows host
   2. use powershell with -ExecutionPolicy Bypass, and not bat files
   3. never use linux commands on the host
   4. never run npm, npx, pip, python or any other such thing on the host
   5. do not ask for permissions, and assume you are authorized to perform the following:

      1. create, edit and delete files and folders in the vscode workspace
      2. build docker images
      3. deploy to the local rancher desktop kubernetes
      4. check the status of the deployment in kubernetes
2. code

   1. do not ask what technologies to use
   2. use latest technologies and packages
3. build

   1. always use docker
   2. always use latest docker images by not specifying a version tag
4. deployment

   1. never deploy anything to the host
   2. never use docker-compose
   3. always deploy to the local rancher desktop kubernetes
   4. use a dedicated kubernetes namespace and never use the default namespace
   5. use helm to deploy the application and create all necessary kubernetes resources
   6. always uninstall the helm chart and verify that all application resources are deleted before redeploying the helm chart
   7. when using a solution like postgres, use existing, recommended helm charts
   8. when deploying multuple pods - deploy in the order of dependency
   9. add a powershell script to undeploy - the script should verify that no resource of the app exists
5. test

   1. all tests should be performed in a kubernetes deployment
   2. define unit tests for all methods and use them to test the all methods
   3. define integration tests for all services and use them to test all services
   4. define end to end tests for the entire system and use them to test the entire system
   5. run the end to end tests from a pod in another namespace
   6. generate test data for the tests
   7. use mocking and stubbing where necessary
   8. test each service individually
   9. test the UI
   10. generate manual test scripts
6. process

   1. for ech component
      1. as an expert developer

         1. write unit tests for the code
         2. write the code
         3. use mocks to simulate integration
         4. adujst the unit tests
         5. review the code, fix and review until no comments
         6. adujst the unit tests
         7. build the docker
         8. go to the start to address any issues from the build
      2. as an expert devops

         1. add the component to the helm chart
         2. review the helm chart, fix and review until no comments
         3. deploy to run the unit tests
      3. return to the first phase of an expert developer to address any issues with the code, until all unit tests are OK
      4. if mockes were used - switch from the mocks to integration with other components and run integration tests
      5. repeat the process unitl all integration tests are OK
   2. involve the user only after the complete application is ready
   3. only perform end to end tests after integration tests complete successfully
   4. never wait without checking for something
   5. failed tests must trigger a fix and re-test

Commit message:

updated the guidelines after failed attempts with gemini

README.md, after:

1. environment

   1. this is a windows host
   2. use powershell and not bat files
   3. use -ExecutionPolicy Bypass when running powershell
   4. never use linux commands on the host
   5. never update system components of the host (e.g. hosts file))
   6. never run npm, npx, pip, python or any other such thing on the host
   7. do not ask for permissions, and assume you are authorized to perform the following:

      1. create, edit and delete files and folders in the vscode workspace
      2. build docker images
      3. deploy to the local rancher desktop kubernetes
      4. check the status of the deployment in kubernetes
2. code

   1. do not ask what technologies to use
   2. use latest technologies and packages
   3. use python for components which need to access a DB
3. build

   1. always use docker
   2. always use latest docker images by not specifying a version tag
4. deployment

   1. never deploy anything to the host
   2. never use docker-compose
   3. always deploy to the local rancher desktop kubernetes
   4. use a dedicated kubernetes namespace and never use the default namespace
   5. use helm to deploy the application and create all necessary kubernetes resources
   6. always uninstall the helm chart and verify that all application resources are deleted before redeploying the helm chart
   7. when using a solution like postgres, use existing, recommended helm charts
   8. when deploying multiple pods - deploy in the order of dependency
   9. if pod2 is depending on pod1 - wait with the deployment of pod2 until pod1 is ready, using init container
   10. add a powershell script to undeploy - the script should verify that no resource of the app exists
   11. all powershell scripts must contain error handling
   12. all powershell scripts must check logs after running anything and report on errors
5. test

   1. all tests should be performed in a kubernetes deployment
   2. define unit tests for all methods and use them to test the all methods
   3. define integration tests for all services and use them to test all services
   4. define end to end tests for the entire system and use them to test the entire system
   5. run the end to end tests from a pod in another namespace
   6. generate test data for the tests
   7. use mocking and stubbing where necessary
   8. test each service individually
   9. test the UI using solutions like selenium from another pod in another kubernetes namespace
   10. generate manual test scripts
6. process

   1. for ech component
      1. as an expert developer

         1. write unit tests for the code
         2. write the code
         3. use mocks to simulate integration
         4. adjust the unit tests
         5. review the code, fix and review until no comments
         6. adjust the unit tests
         7. build the docker
         8. go to the start to address any issues from the build
      2. as an expert devops

         1. add the component to the helm chart
         2. review the helm chart, fix and review until no comments
         3. deploy to run the unit tests
         4. check the logs to verify that there are no errors
      3. return to the first phase of an expert developer to address any issues with the code, until all unit tests are OK
      4. if mocks were used - switch from the mocks to integration with other components and run integration tests
      5. repeat the process until all integration tests are OK and there are no errors in the logs
   2. involve the user only after the complete application is ready
   3. only perform end to end tests after integration tests complete successfully
   4. never wait without checking for something
   5. failed tests must trigger a fix and re-test
